NAS-T is a grassroots Network Area Server (NAS) technology and service
provider based in New London, CT. We are a group of IT and Data
specialists offering a replacement for managed cloud storage services
such as Google Drive, DropBox, iCloud, and OneDrive.

Our product-line consist of custom-built home servers which run our
open-source and highly configurable NAS software stack. We provide the
software for free without exception, and offer the hardware on our
online store for anyone to purchase and deploy themselves.

The primary value-add for the customer is our service options. We
provide operational support for our products at all levels from
single-user homes to multi-tenant offices at a low monthly cost. Our
fleet of service offerings are designed to support customers who have
little to no technology experience while still providing expert
support to our advanced users who are extending our tools to suit
their needs.

The motivation for NAS-T comes from personal experience with modern
cloud storage services. What started as simple file-sharing has turned
into 'Web File Systems' with a contagious vendor lock-in
effect. Everyone has experienced this at some point - try switching
from Apple to Android, or Windows to Mac, Google Cloud to DropBox. Why
is this so hard?

The answer is that it is because the edges of these services are
*designed to protect your data from yourself*. The inconvenient truth
is that *you do not own your data*. Don't worry. There's a simple
solution: you must take what is yours.

The cloud provider owns your data. You don't even own the rights to
access your data. That is rented out by the provider. The solutions we
offer remedy that. Our mission, above all, is to put you /irrefutably/
in total control of your data.

The best part is that while you're in the driver's seat, you choose
your passengers. You can allow Google Cloud services or DropBox to
mirror your personal cloud to leave your existing devices unaffected,
temporarily access some files, or kick them out of the car completely.

What's different about NAS-T is that when it comes to your data, we
don't even assume that we're a passenger. Every single cloud data
service we know is grabbing at the wheel, and worst of all, they
actively try to hide it from their customers. As a company, we simply
think this is wrong. We don't think there is any gray area or room for
negotiation, because these companies brag about using private data to
drive ad revenues to their investors. They are not providing their
service in good faith to the customer, preferring to charge them a
door fee like the corporate-cloud bouncers they are.

At NAS-T we value your privacy /and/ your right to own your data
without exception. We aim to provide the best /private/ cloud storage
service software using cutting-edge technology which the large,
entrenched service providers aren't capable of implementing, at no
cost. We aim to build a community of NAS enthusiasts and experts who
can share their experience and empower their local communities. We
will sell hardware and services at fair and transparent costs to
support our mission and encourage everyone to take back their data.
